README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - Interactive rating component solution

This is a solution to the [Interactive rating component challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/interactive-rating-component-koxpeBUmI). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects. 

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#Author)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the app depending on their device's screen size
- See hover states for all interactive elements on the page
- Select and submit a number rating
- See the "Thank you" card state after submitting a rating

### Screenshot

![Solution](./images/solution.JPG)

### Links

- Solution URL: [interactive-rating-component-main](https://github.com/N-Ignacio-Bouffanais/interactive-rating-component-main)
- Live Site URL: [Add live site URL here](https://your-live-site-url.com)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- JavaScript

### What I learned

To see how you can add code snippets, see below:

```css
.container .level p:hover{
    background-color: var(--Light-Grey);
    color: var(--White);
}
.container .level p:active{
    background-color: var(--Orange);
}
```
```js
function Submit(){
    event.preventDefault();
    let y = document.getElementById("rating")
    y.style.display = "none"
    let x = document.getElementById("result")
    x.style.display = "block"
}
function LevelSelect(element) {
  let one = document.getElementById("1")
  element == one ? (one.style.color = color_sel, one.style.backgroundColor = bgcolor_sel) : (one.style.color = color_unselect, one.style.backgroundColor = bgcolor_unselect)
}
```

### Continued development

Use this section to outline areas that you want to continue focusing on in future projects. These could be concepts you're still not completely comfortable with or techniques you found useful that you want to refine and perfect.

### Useful resources

- [Example resource 1](https://www.example.com) - This helped me for XYZ reason. I really liked this pattern and will use it going forward.
- [Example resource 2](https://www.example.com) - This is an amazing article which helped me finally understand XYZ. I'd recommend it to anyone still learning this concept.

## Author

- Website - [Nicolas_Bouffanais](https://n-ignacio-bouffanais.github.io/Nicolas_Bouffanais/src/)
- Frontend Mentor - [@N-Ignacio-Bouffanais](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/N-Ignacio-Bouffanais)
- Twitter - [@N_Bouffanais](https://twitter.com/N_Bouffanais)

Commit message:

changes to readme.md, section: Continued development

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - Interactive rating component solution

This is a solution to the [Interactive rating component challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/interactive-rating-component-koxpeBUmI). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects. 

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#Author)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the app depending on their device's screen size
- See hover states for all interactive elements on the page
- Select and submit a number rating
- See the "Thank you" card state after submitting a rating

### Screenshot

![Solution](./images/solution.JPG)

### Links

- Solution URL: [interactive-rating-component-main](https://github.com/N-Ignacio-Bouffanais/interactive-rating-component-main)
- Live Site URL: [Add live site URL here](https://your-live-site-url.com)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- JavaScript

### What I learned

To see how you can add code snippets, see below:

```css
.container .level p:hover{
    background-color: var(--Light-Grey);
    color: var(--White);
}
.container .level p:active{
    background-color: var(--Orange);
}
```
```js
function Submit(){
    event.preventDefault();
    let y = document.getElementById("rating")
    y.style.display = "none"
    let x = document.getElementById("result")
    x.style.display = "block"
}
function LevelSelect(element) {
  let one = document.getElementById("1")
  element == one ? (one.style.color = color_sel, one.style.backgroundColor = bgcolor_sel) : (one.style.color = color_unselect, one.style.backgroundColor = bgcolor_unselect)
}
```

### Continued development

I want to continue learning and making projects with javascript, css and html, and over time add tools like Eslint, reactjs, nextjs or maybe vuejs, sass, among others.

## Author

- Website - [Nicolas_Bouffanais](https://n-ignacio-bouffanais.github.io/Nicolas_Bouffanais/src/)
- Frontend Mentor - [@N-Ignacio-Bouffanais](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/N-Ignacio-Bouffanais)
- Twitter - [@N_Bouffanais](https://twitter.com/N_Bouffanais)
